---
layout: post
title: "Hello World"
subtitle: "...I hope this works."
date: 2017-02-20
author: Sebastian
category: Path
tags: codenewbie
finished: true
---


# Hello World

I have decided to start this blog after listening to a few guest off of the podcast [codenewbies](http://www.codenewbie.org/).

I think that it would be good for me to begin documenting my progress so that I can see where I've been and what I should eventually do next. This is also a good way for me to get some practice adding features to a site and how to utilize github cause I only know the basics at the moment. 


<sub>I may do music reviews here for now too.</sub>


## Gen 


I began my stop and go progress at age 13 by first finding a book at the library that had a title along the lines of **"How To Build A Web site."**

All I remember is that it gave decent amount of information about HTML and CSS but didn't go anywhere passed the basics.
After I was done with that I thought that was it..... that the web consisted of tags, tables and css for flavor. I knew there were other languages but didn't think they had any impact on web development. It wasn't until much later that I learned about Javascript, PHP, MySQL, etc. 

When I finally did hear about those I was quickly overwhelmed with questions like 

- What's a database?

- What are all of these question marks in the source code?

- Is it pronounced "My squal"?
(I still call it My Squal anyways)

Eventually I found out about JavaScript and decided to learn it. But soon found it quite challenging because I didn't really understand how to begin using it. So I gave up.

Jump to a year after I stopped learning JS and suddenly I gained inspiration again. Then found it much too difficult because I didn't understand something else and decided maybe it wasn't for me.

#### We seeing a pattern here?

I don't want to sidetrack too much so I'll keep it brief but a lot of things were happening one after another that ultimately culminated in me <sub>"pausing"</sub> college.